fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/BoolArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/ByteArray/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/ByteArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/ByteVector/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/ByteVector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/ByteVector/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/ByteVectorLimit/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/EmptyStruct/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/EnumArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/EnumArray/NonDense/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/FloatArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte1024/Semaphore32/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/HandleArray/Event/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/HandleArray/Event/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/HandleArray/Event/64/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/64/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/Int32Vector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/Media/StreamPacket/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/MessageHeader/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/OptionalStructTree/Depth4/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/OptionalStructTree/Depth6/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/OptionalUnionTree/Depth4/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/OptionalUnionTree/Depth6/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/OptionalUnionTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/String/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/String/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/String/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/StructArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/StructField/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/StructField/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/StructTree/Depth4/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/StructTree/Depth6/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/StructTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/StructVector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/Table/AllSet/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/Table/Unset/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/Union/LastSet/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/Union/LastSet/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Builder/Union/LastSet/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/BoolArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/ByteArray/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/ByteArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/ByteVector/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/ByteVector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/ByteVector/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/ByteVectorLimit/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/EmptyStruct/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/EnumArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/FloatArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte1024/Semaphore32/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/HandleArray/Event/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/HandleArray/Event/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/HandleArray/Event/64/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/64/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/Int32Vector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/Media/StreamPacket/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/MessageHeader/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/OptionalStructTree/Depth4/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/OptionalStructTree/Depth6/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/OptionalUnionTree/Depth4/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/OptionalUnionTree/Depth6/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/OptionalUnionTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/String/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/String/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/String/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/StructArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/StructField/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/StructField/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/StructTree/Depth4/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/StructTree/Depth6/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/StructTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/StructVector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/Table/AllSet/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/Table/Unset/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/Union/LastSet/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/Union/LastSet/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Decode/Union/LastSet/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/EchoCall/ByteVector/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/EchoCall/ByteVector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/EchoCall/ByteVector/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/EchoCall/HandleArray/Event/64/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/EchoCall/Media/StreamPacket/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/BoolArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/ByteArray/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/ByteArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/ByteVector/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/ByteVector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/ByteVector/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/ByteVectorLimit/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/EmptyStruct/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/EnumArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/FloatArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte1024/Semaphore32/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/HandleArray/Event/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/HandleArray/Event/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/HandleArray/Event/64/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/64/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/Int32Vector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/Media/StreamPacket/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/MessageHeader/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/OptionalStructTree/Depth4/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/OptionalStructTree/Depth6/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/OptionalUnionTree/Depth4/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/OptionalUnionTree/Depth6/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/OptionalUnionTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/String/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/String/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/String/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/StructArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/StructField/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/StructField/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/StructTree/Depth4/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/StructTree/Depth6/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/StructTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/StructVector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/Table/AllSet/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/Table/Unset/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/Union/LastSet/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/Union/LastSet/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/Encode/Union/LastSet/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/SendEvent/ByteVector/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/SendEvent/ByteVector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/SendEvent/ByteVector/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/SendEvent/HandleArray/Event/64/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Rust/SendEvent/Media/StreamPacket/WallTime
