fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/BoolArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/ByteArray/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/ByteArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/ByteArray/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/ByteVector/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/ByteVector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/ByteVector/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/ByteVector/65280/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/ByteVectorLimit/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/EmptyStruct/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/EnumArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/FloatArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte1024/Semaphore32/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/HandleArray/Event/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/HandleArray/Event/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/HandleArray/Event/64/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/64/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Int32Array/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Int32Vector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Media/StreamPacket/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/MessageHeader/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/String/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/String/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/String/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/StructArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/StructField/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/StructTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/StructVector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Table/AllSet/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Table/AllSet/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Table/AllSet/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Table/Unset/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Table/Unset/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Table/Unset/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Union/LastSet/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Union/LastSet/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Decode/Union/LastSet/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/BoolArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/ByteArray/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/ByteArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/ByteArray/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/ByteVector/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/ByteVector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/ByteVector/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/ByteVector/65280/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/ByteVectorLimit/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/EmptyStruct/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/EnumArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/FloatArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte1024/Semaphore32/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/HandleArray/Event/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/HandleArray/Event/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/HandleArray/Event/64/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/64/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Int32Array/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Int32Vector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Media/StreamPacket/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/MessageHeader/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/String/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/String/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/String/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/StructArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/StructField/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/StructTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/StructVector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Table/AllSet/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Table/AllSet/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Table/AllSet/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Table/Unset/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Table/Unset/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Table/Unset/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Union/LastSet/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Union/LastSet/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Dart/Encode/Union/LastSet/256/WallTime
