fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/BoolArray/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/BoolArray/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/BoolArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteArray/16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteArray/16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteArray/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteArray/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteArray/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteArray/4096/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteArray/4096/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteArray/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteVector/16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteVector/16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteVector/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteVector/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteVector/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteVector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteVector/4096/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteVector/4096/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteVector/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteVector/65280/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteVector/65280/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteVector/65280/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteVectorLimit/1/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteVectorLimit/1/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ByteVectorLimit/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/EmptyStruct/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/EmptyStruct/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/EmptyStruct/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/EnumArray/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/EnumArray/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/EnumArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/FloatArray/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/FloatArray/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/FloatArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte1024/Semaphore32/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte1024/Semaphore32/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte1024/Semaphore32/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Int32Array/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Int32Array/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Int32Array/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Int32Vector/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Int32Vector/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Int32Vector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Media/StreamPacket/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Media/StreamPacket/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Media/StreamPacket/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/MessageHeader/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/MessageHeader/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/MessageHeader/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/String/16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/String/16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/String/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/String/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/String/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/String/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/String/4096/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/String/4096/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/String/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructArray/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructArray/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructField/16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructField/16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructField/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructField/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructField/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructField/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructTree/Depth4/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructTree/Depth4/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructTree/Depth4/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructTree/Depth6/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructTree/Depth6/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructTree/Depth6/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructTree/Depth8/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructTree/Depth8/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructVector/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructVector/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/StructVector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/AllSet/1/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/AllSet/1/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/AllSet/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/AllSet/16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/AllSet/16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/AllSet/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/AllSet/63/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/AllSet/63/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/AllSet/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/Unset/1/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/Unset/1/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/Unset/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/Unset/16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/Unset/16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/Unset/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/Unset/63/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/Unset/63/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Table/Unset/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Union/LastSet/1/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Union/LastSet/1/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Union/LastSet/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Union/LastSet/16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Union/LastSet/16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Union/LastSet/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Union/LastSet/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Union/LastSet/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Decode/Union/LastSet/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/EchoCall/ByteVector/16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/EchoCall/ByteVector/16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/EchoCall/ByteVector/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/EchoCall/ByteVector/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/EchoCall/ByteVector/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/EchoCall/ByteVector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/EchoCall/ByteVector/4096/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/EchoCall/ByteVector/4096/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/EchoCall/ByteVector/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/EchoCall/Media/StreamPacket/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/EchoCall/Media/StreamPacket/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/EchoCall/Media/StreamPacket/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/BoolArray/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/BoolArray/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/BoolArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteArray/16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteArray/16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteArray/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteArray/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteArray/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteArray/4096/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteArray/4096/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteArray/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteVector/16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteVector/16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteVector/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteVector/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteVector/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteVector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteVector/4096/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteVector/4096/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteVector/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteVector/65280/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteVector/65280/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteVector/65280/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteVectorLimit/1/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteVectorLimit/1/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ByteVectorLimit/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/EmptyStruct/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/EmptyStruct/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/EmptyStruct/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/EnumArray/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/EnumArray/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/EnumArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/FloatArray/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/FloatArray/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/FloatArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte1024/Semaphore32/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte1024/Semaphore32/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte1024/Semaphore32/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Int32Array/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Int32Array/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Int32Array/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Int32Vector/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Int32Vector/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Int32Vector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Media/StreamPacket/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Media/StreamPacket/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Media/StreamPacket/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/MessageHeader/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/MessageHeader/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/MessageHeader/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/String/16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/String/16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/String/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/String/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/String/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/String/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/String/4096/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/String/4096/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/String/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructArray/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructArray/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructArray/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructField/16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructField/16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructField/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructField/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructField/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructField/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructTree/Depth4/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructTree/Depth4/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructTree/Depth4/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructTree/Depth6/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructTree/Depth6/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructTree/Depth6/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructTree/Depth8/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructTree/Depth8/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructTree/Depth8/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructVector/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructVector/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/StructVector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/AllSet/1/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/AllSet/1/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/AllSet/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/AllSet/16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/AllSet/16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/AllSet/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/AllSet/63/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/AllSet/63/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/AllSet/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/Unset/1/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/Unset/1/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/Unset/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/Unset/16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/Unset/16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/Unset/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/Unset/63/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/Unset/63/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Table/Unset/63/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Union/LastSet/1/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Union/LastSet/1/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Union/LastSet/1/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Union/LastSet/16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Union/LastSet/16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Union/LastSet/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Union/LastSet/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Union/LastSet/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/Encode/Union/LastSet/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/SendEvent/ByteVector/16/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/SendEvent/ByteVector/16/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/SendEvent/ByteVector/16/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/SendEvent/ByteVector/256/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/SendEvent/ByteVector/256/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/SendEvent/ByteVector/256/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/SendEvent/ByteVector/4096/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/SendEvent/ByteVector/4096/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/SendEvent/ByteVector/4096/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/SendEvent/Media/StreamPacket/AllocatedBytes
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/SendEvent/Media/StreamPacket/Allocations
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: Go/SendEvent/Media/StreamPacket/WallTime
