fuchsia.network.udp_serde: RecvMsgMeta/Deserialize/IPv4/Empty
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: RecvMsgMeta/Deserialize/IPv4/Full
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: RecvMsgMeta/Deserialize/IPv6/Empty
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: RecvMsgMeta/Deserialize/IPv6/Full
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: RecvMsgMeta/Serialize/IPv4/Empty
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: RecvMsgMeta/Serialize/IPv4/Full
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: RecvMsgMeta/Serialize/IPv6/Empty
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: RecvMsgMeta/Serialize/IPv6/Full
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: RecvMsgMeta/SerializeThenDeserialize/IPv4/Empty
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: RecvMsgMeta/SerializeThenDeserialize/IPv4/Full
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: RecvMsgMeta/SerializeThenDeserialize/IPv6/Empty
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: RecvMsgMeta/SerializeThenDeserialize/IPv6/Full
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: SendMsgMeta/Deserialize/IPv4/Empty
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: SendMsgMeta/Deserialize/IPv4/Full
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: SendMsgMeta/Deserialize/IPv6/Empty
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: SendMsgMeta/Deserialize/IPv6/Full
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: SendMsgMeta/Serialize/IPv4/Empty
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: SendMsgMeta/Serialize/IPv4/Full
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: SendMsgMeta/Serialize/IPv6/Empty
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: SendMsgMeta/Serialize/IPv6/Full
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: SendMsgMeta/SerializeThenDeserialize/IPv4/Empty
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: SendMsgMeta/SerializeThenDeserialize/IPv4/Full
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: SendMsgMeta/SerializeThenDeserialize/IPv6/Empty
fuchsia.network.udp_serde: SendMsgMeta/SerializeThenDeserialize/IPv6/Full
