fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/BoolArray/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/BoolArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/BoolArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ByteArray/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ByteArray/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ByteArray/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ByteArray/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ByteArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ByteArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ByteVectorLimit/1/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ByteVectorLimit/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ByteVectorLimit/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/EmptyStruct/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/EmptyStruct/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/EmptyStruct/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/EnumArray/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/EnumArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/EnumArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/FloatArray/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/FloatArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/FloatArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Event/1/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Event/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Event/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Event/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Event/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Event/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/1/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/64/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Int32Array/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Int32Array/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Int32Array/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Int32Vector/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Int32Vector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Int32Vector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/MessageHeader/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/MessageHeader/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/MessageHeader/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/String/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/String/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/String/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/String/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/String/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/String/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/String/4096/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/String/4096/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/String/4096/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/StructArray/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/StructArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/StructArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/StructField/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/StructField/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/StructField/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/StructField/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/StructField/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/StructField/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/StructTree/Depth8/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/StructTree/Depth8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/StructTree/Depth8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/StructVector/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/StructVector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/StructVector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/AllSet/1/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/AllSet/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/AllSet/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/AllSet/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/AllSet/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/AllSet/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/AllSet/63/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/AllSet/63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/AllSet/63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/Unset/1/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/Unset/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/Unset/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/Unset/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/Unset/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/Unset/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/Unset/63/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/Unset/63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Table/Unset/63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Union/LastSet/1/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Union/LastSet/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Union/LastSet/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Union/LastSet/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Union/LastSet/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Union/LastSet/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Union/LastSet/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Union/LastSet/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Builder/Union/LastSet/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/BoolArray/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/BoolArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/BoolArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ByteArray/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ByteArray/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ByteArray/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ByteArray/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ByteArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ByteArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ByteVectorLimit/1/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ByteVectorLimit/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ByteVectorLimit/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/EmptyStruct/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/EmptyStruct/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/EmptyStruct/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/EnumArray/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/EnumArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/EnumArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/FloatArray/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/FloatArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/FloatArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Event/1/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Event/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Event/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Event/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Event/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Event/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/1/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/64/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Int32Array/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Int32Array/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Int32Array/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Int32Vector/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Int32Vector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Int32Vector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/MessageHeader/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/MessageHeader/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/MessageHeader/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/String/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/String/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/String/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/String/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/String/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/String/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/String/4096/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/String/4096/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/String/4096/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/StructArray/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/StructArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/StructArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/StructField/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/StructField/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/StructField/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/StructField/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/StructField/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/StructField/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/StructTree/Depth8/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/StructTree/Depth8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/StructTree/Depth8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/StructVector/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/StructVector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/StructVector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/AllSet/1/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/AllSet/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/AllSet/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/AllSet/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/AllSet/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/AllSet/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/AllSet/63/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/AllSet/63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/AllSet/63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/Unset/1/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/Unset/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/Unset/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/Unset/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/Unset/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/Unset/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/Unset/63/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/Unset/63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Table/Unset/63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Union/LastSet/1/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Union/LastSet/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Union/LastSet/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Union/LastSet/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Union/LastSet/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Union/LastSet/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Union/LastSet/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Union/LastSet/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Decode/Union/LastSet/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/EchoCall/ByteVector/16/Steps.EchoCall/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/EchoCall/ByteVector/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/EchoCall/ByteVector/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/EchoCall/ByteVector/256/Steps.EchoCall/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/EchoCall/ByteVector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/EchoCall/ByteVector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/EchoCall/ByteVector/4096/Steps.EchoCall/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/EchoCall/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/EchoCall/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/EchoCall/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.EchoCall/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/EchoCall/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/EchoCall/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/EchoCall/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.EchoCall/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/EchoCall/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/EchoCall/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/BoolArray/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/BoolArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/BoolArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ByteArray/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ByteArray/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ByteArray/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ByteArray/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ByteArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ByteArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ByteVectorLimit/1/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ByteVectorLimit/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ByteVectorLimit/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/EmptyStruct/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/EmptyStruct/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/EmptyStruct/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/EnumArray/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/EnumArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/EnumArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/FloatArray/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/FloatArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/FloatArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Event/1/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Event/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Event/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Event/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Event/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Event/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/1/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/64/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Int32Array/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Int32Array/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Int32Array/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Int32Vector/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Int32Vector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Int32Vector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/MessageHeader/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/MessageHeader/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/MessageHeader/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/String/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/String/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/String/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/String/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/String/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/String/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/String/4096/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/String/4096/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/String/4096/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/StructArray/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/StructArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/StructArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/StructField/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/StructField/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/StructField/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/StructField/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/StructField/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/StructField/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/StructTree/Depth8/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/StructTree/Depth8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/StructTree/Depth8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/StructVector/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/StructVector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/StructVector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/AllSet/1/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/AllSet/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/AllSet/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/AllSet/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/AllSet/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/AllSet/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/AllSet/63/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/AllSet/63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/AllSet/63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/Unset/1/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/Unset/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/Unset/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/Unset/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/Unset/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/Unset/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/Unset/63/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/Unset/63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Table/Unset/63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Union/LastSet/1/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Union/LastSet/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Union/LastSet/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Union/LastSet/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Union/LastSet/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Union/LastSet/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Union/LastSet/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Union/LastSet/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/Encode/Union/LastSet/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/SendEvent/ByteVector/16/Steps.SendEvent/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/SendEvent/ByteVector/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/SendEvent/ByteVector/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/SendEvent/ByteVector/256/Steps.SendEvent/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/SendEvent/ByteVector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/SendEvent/ByteVector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/SendEvent/ByteVector/4096/Steps.SendEvent/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/SendEvent/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/SendEvent/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/SendEvent/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.SendEvent/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/SendEvent/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/SendEvent/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/SendEvent/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.SendEvent/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/SendEvent/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: HLCPP/SendEvent/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
