fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/BoolArray/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/BoolArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/BoolArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteArray/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteArray/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteArray/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteArray/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/65280/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/65280/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteVector/65280/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteVectorLimit/1/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteVectorLimit/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ByteVectorLimit/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/EmptyStruct/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/EmptyStruct/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/EmptyStruct/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/EnumArray/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/EnumArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/EnumArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/FloatArray/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/FloatArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/FloatArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Event/1/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Event/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Event/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Event/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Event/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Event/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/1/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/64/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HandleArray/Plain/64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Int32Array/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Int32Array/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Int32Array/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Int32Vector/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Int32Vector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Int32Vector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/MessageHeader/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/MessageHeader/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/MessageHeader/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/String/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/String/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/String/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/String/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/String/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/String/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/String/4096/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/String/4096/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/String/4096/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/StructArray/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/StructArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/StructArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/StructField/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/StructField/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/StructField/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/StructField/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/StructField/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/StructField/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/StructTree/Depth8/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/StructTree/Depth8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/StructTree/Depth8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/StructVector/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/StructVector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/StructVector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/AllSet/1/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/AllSet/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/AllSet/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/AllSet/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/AllSet/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/AllSet/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/AllSet/63/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/AllSet/63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/AllSet/63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/Unset/1/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/Unset/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/Unset/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/Unset/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/Unset/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/Unset/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/Unset/63/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/Unset/63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Table/Unset/63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Union/LastSet/1/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Union/LastSet/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Union/LastSet/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Union/LastSet/16/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Union/LastSet/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Union/LastSet/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Union/LastSet/256/Steps.Build/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Union/LastSet/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Builder/Union/LastSet/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/BoolArray/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/BoolArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/BoolArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteArray/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteArray/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteArray/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteArray/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/65280/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/65280/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteVector/65280/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteVectorLimit/1/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteVectorLimit/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ByteVectorLimit/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/EmptyStruct/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/EmptyStruct/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/EmptyStruct/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/EnumArray/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/EnumArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/EnumArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/FloatArray/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/FloatArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/FloatArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Event/1/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Event/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Event/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Event/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Event/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Event/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/1/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/64/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HandleArray/Plain/64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Int32Array/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Int32Array/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Int32Array/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Int32Vector/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Int32Vector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Int32Vector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/MessageHeader/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/MessageHeader/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/MessageHeader/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/String/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/String/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/String/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/String/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/String/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/String/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/String/4096/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/String/4096/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/String/4096/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/StructArray/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/StructArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/StructArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/StructField/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/StructField/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/StructField/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/StructField/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/StructField/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/StructField/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/StructTree/Depth8/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/StructTree/Depth8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/StructTree/Depth8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/StructVector/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/StructVector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/StructVector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/AllSet/1/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/AllSet/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/AllSet/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/AllSet/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/AllSet/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/AllSet/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/AllSet/63/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/AllSet/63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/AllSet/63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/Unset/1/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/Unset/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/Unset/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/Unset/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/Unset/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/Unset/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/Unset/63/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/Unset/63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Table/Unset/63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Union/LastSet/1/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Union/LastSet/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Union/LastSet/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Union/LastSet/16/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Union/LastSet/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Union/LastSet/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Union/LastSet/256/Steps.Decode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Union/LastSet/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Decode/Union/LastSet/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCall/ByteVector/16/Steps.EchoCall/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCall/ByteVector/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCall/ByteVector/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCall/ByteVector/256/Steps.EchoCall/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCall/ByteVector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCall/ByteVector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCall/ByteVector/4096/Steps.EchoCall/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCall/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCall/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCall/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.EchoCall/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCall/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCall/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCall/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.EchoCall/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCall/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCall/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCallSync/ByteVector/16/Steps.EchoCall/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCallSync/ByteVector/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCallSync/ByteVector/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCallSync/ByteVector/256/Steps.EchoCall/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCallSync/ByteVector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCallSync/ByteVector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCallSync/ByteVector/4096/Steps.EchoCall/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCallSync/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCallSync/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCallSync/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.EchoCall/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCallSync/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCallSync/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCallSync/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.EchoCall/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCallSync/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/EchoCallSync/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/BoolArray/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/BoolArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/BoolArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteArray/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteArray/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteArray/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteArray/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/65280/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/65280/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteVector/65280/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteVectorLimit/1/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteVectorLimit/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ByteVectorLimit/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Request/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/RecvMsg/Result/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Request/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/DatagramSocket/SendMsg2/Result/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/EmptyStruct/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/EmptyStruct/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/EmptyStruct/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/EnumArray/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/EnumArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/EnumArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/EnumArray/NonDense/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Failure/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/ErrorSyntaxResult_Success/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/FloatArray/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/FloatArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/FloatArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/GPUMagma/ExecuteImmediateCommandsRequest/CommandByte128/Semaphore8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Event/1/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Event/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Event/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Event/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Event/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Event/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/1/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/64/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HandleArray/Plain/64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/HardwareDisplay/OnVsyncEvent/Image64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Int32Array/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Int32Array/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Int32Array/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Int32Vector/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Int32Vector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Int32Vector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/MessageHeader/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/MessageHeader/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/MessageHeader/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/OptionalStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/PaddedStructTree/Depth8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/String/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/String/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/String/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/String/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/String/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/String/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/String/4096/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/String/4096/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/String/4096/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/StructArray/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/StructArray/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/StructArray/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/StructField/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/StructField/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/StructField/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/StructField/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/StructField/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/StructField/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/StructTree/Depth8/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/StructTree/Depth8/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/StructTree/Depth8/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/StructVector/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/StructVector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/StructVector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/AllSet/1/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/AllSet/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/AllSet/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/AllSet/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/AllSet/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/AllSet/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/AllSet/63/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/AllSet/63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/AllSet/63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/LastSetOthersReserved/63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/16_of_63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/1_of_63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/SingleSet/63_of_63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/Unset/1/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/Unset/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/Unset/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/Unset/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/Unset/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/Unset/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/Unset/63/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/Unset/63/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Table/Unset/63/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Union/LastSet/1/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Union/LastSet/1/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Union/LastSet/1/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Union/LastSet/16/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Union/LastSet/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Union/LastSet/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Union/LastSet/256/Steps.Encode/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Union/LastSet/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/Encode/Union/LastSet/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/SendEvent/ByteVector/16/Steps.SendEvent/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/SendEvent/ByteVector/16/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/SendEvent/ByteVector/16/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/SendEvent/ByteVector/256/Steps.SendEvent/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/SendEvent/ByteVector/256/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/SendEvent/ByteVector/256/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/SendEvent/ByteVector/4096/Steps.SendEvent/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/SendEvent/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/SendEvent/ByteVector/4096/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/SendEvent/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.SendEvent/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/SendEvent/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/SendEvent/HandleArray/Event/64/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/SendEvent/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.SendEvent/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/SendEvent/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Setup/WallTime
fuchsia.fidl_microbenchmarks: LLCPP/SendEvent/Media/StreamPacket/Steps.Teardown/WallTime
