fuchsia.storage: ReadRandomCold/8192/f2fs
fuchsia.storage: ReadRandomCold/8192/fxfs
fuchsia.storage: ReadRandomCold/8192/memfs
fuchsia.storage: ReadRandomCold/8192/minfs
fuchsia.storage: ReadRandomWarm/8192/f2fs
fuchsia.storage: ReadRandomWarm/8192/fxfs
fuchsia.storage: ReadRandomWarm/8192/memfs
fuchsia.storage: ReadRandomWarm/8192/minfs
fuchsia.storage: ReadSequentialCold/8192/f2fs
fuchsia.storage: ReadSequentialCold/8192/fxfs
fuchsia.storage: ReadSequentialCold/8192/memfs
fuchsia.storage: ReadSequentialCold/8192/minfs
fuchsia.storage: ReadSequentialWarm/8192/f2fs
fuchsia.storage: ReadSequentialWarm/8192/fxfs
fuchsia.storage: ReadSequentialWarm/8192/memfs
fuchsia.storage: ReadSequentialWarm/8192/minfs
fuchsia.storage: WriteRandomCold/8192/f2fs
fuchsia.storage: WriteRandomCold/8192/fxfs
fuchsia.storage: WriteRandomCold/8192/memfs
fuchsia.storage: WriteRandomCold/8192/minfs
fuchsia.storage: WriteRandomWarm/8192/f2fs
fuchsia.storage: WriteRandomWarm/8192/fxfs
fuchsia.storage: WriteRandomWarm/8192/memfs
fuchsia.storage: WriteRandomWarm/8192/minfs
fuchsia.storage: WriteSequentialCold/8192/f2fs
fuchsia.storage: WriteSequentialCold/8192/fxfs
fuchsia.storage: WriteSequentialCold/8192/memfs
fuchsia.storage: WriteSequentialCold/8192/minfs
fuchsia.storage: WriteSequentialWarm/8192/f2fs
fuchsia.storage: WriteSequentialWarm/8192/fxfs
fuchsia.storage: WriteSequentialWarm/8192/memfs
fuchsia.storage: WriteSequentialWarm/8192/minfs
